chore: update links (#3771)
dfinity/motoko: src/viper/README.md

-------------------------------------
<a name="Subset"></a>

> _Motoko-san_ is an early prototype. The tool supports only a modest subset of [_Motoko proper_](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/about-this-guide), which is not sufficient for most real-world applications. However, we hope that _Motoko-san_ will enable the community to build more sophisticated Motoko code-level verifiers, simply by extending this prototype. In particular, the tool enables verifying _reentrancy safety_ in simple (asynchronous) smart contracts (e.g., `test/viper/claim.mo`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Motoko-san_ is an early prototype. While the tool supports only a modest subset of [_Motoko proper_](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/about-this-guide), we hope that _Motoko-san_ will enable the community to build more sophisticated Motoko code-level verifiers, simply by extending this prototype. In particular, the tool enables verifying _reentrancy safety_ in simple (asynchronous) smart contracts (e.g., `test/viper/claim.mo`).
```

I originally misread this as something along the lines of "Motoko proper is not sufficient for real-world applications," so just wanted to suggest a slight rephrasing in case this happens for anyone else who is quickly skimming the Motoko readme.
